Feature/api 8351 x author (#886)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/rtm-reference/index.mdx

The method updates the requester's `events_seen_up_to` as if they've seen all chat events.

> To set correct bot name use `author_id` property in payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call the API as a bot, use the `author_id` property set to the bot's name in the payload.
```
